Hold him down
How have you been?
Are you injured?
It's okay, but the rope is tied a little tight.
wound
It must have cracked again.
Sorry I'm late.
It's okay, just in time
The time for the poison needle is long past
Why is she okay?
Si Yan
I just received a strange text message.
Said that Miss Qu was in danger
So here I am.
You came to save her
Right
I'm here to save him.
Si Yan, trust me
Young Master Yan, I have a wonderful recording here
You can listen to it.
Miss Mu
Stop staring at me
Listen to what you just said
Your problem is real
Of course I've known for a long time that he is the prince of the country
no siyan
That's not true.
This is all Qu Yan's trap
He deliberately led me to say that